That was a lot we covered so
much in that territory.
What we didn't do that we mentioned
before was submit payments.
So if you want to take this a step
further and do a bonus exercise,
you can set up payments with Stripe and
Serverless.
I deployed with netlify, if you wanna
create a function to submit to Stripe,
you can create a function
in a functions folder.
With functions/index.js and
in netlify.toml [build] ,functions =
"functions", and that will
immediately give you a Serverless
function that you can execute,
right inside of that same codebase.
I have a talk that walks you
through how to set all of this up,
we have stripe docs that show you
how to build this integration.
I tend to use the Vue Stripe Elements Plus
as a piece of a component
that you can use to hook into that.
And I have an example all set up for you,
that does a whole ecommerce site,
it has a kind of similar
experience to the next app but
then it also allows you to,
submit to Stripe as part of it.
So here's is the cart and then I have
this view Stripe Elements Plus Component,
and it goes to Stripe with a testing
key all of the code is here on
Github if you want to explore it.
This should [LAUGH] have gone to,
I think it's the other link in here.
If we go here, open source in Github,
that's where the link is, and
you can check out all of the code here.
And get started and
look at all of these functions and
see how you would hook that
up with a Stripe payment.